hello it's Ruby and today I'm going to
be showing you another study with me and
this one is a weekend edition this
weekend I didn't manage to get as much
done as I usually do but I filmed the
whole session so I thought that I would
share it with you anyway at the moment I
am doing a philosophy essay and this is
on the difference between using analogy
and using symbols to understand God it's
a really interesting topic I really love
religious language but I feel like my
essay did not give it justice I wasn't
overly happy with it but I'm going to be
rewriting it after I received my
teachers Corrections
you
[Music]
as you can see this did take me rather a
long time to do I actually did this from
8:45 to 11:25 which is rather a long
time
you
[Music]
after that I decided to watch Lydia's
news study with me I really love
watching study with me is and I love
Lydia's channel so I thought that I
would just quickly watch this after this
I decided to read some of this
philosophical essay that I've been
reading
I'm just annotating it and writing my
own thoughts it's a really interesting
piece but it takes me rather a long time
to get through a set number pages
[Music]
after this my mum asked me to go out and
get some food for lunch and then I ate
lunch which is why there is such a
massive gap in the time period
then I went through my nature of God
flashcards for philosophy
[Music]
then Here I am writing up some notes on
journey's end so I went through my class
notes and I just wrote them up so that
they were neat and they were much easy
to revise from
[Music]
you
can I just point out the order fee jumps
in time I really do apologize for these
but my camera kept on dying in this clip
I'm racing on more journeys and night
[Music]
here I believe I was watching some
videos for journey's end and then I
decided to write up my notes for the
Great Gatsby which I took in my english
lesson last week
[Music]
technically this isn't studying that I
time-lapsed it so I thought that I do
anyway but I did a Christmas plan for
the gifts that I wanted to get so I just
went through em write down one of my
family members names and then I wrote
some ideas for what I wanted to get them
I find this process works really well
for me and I know that my friend Ruby
uses it as well then the last thing I
did before I went on to my friend's
house at 6:00 was start this chemistry
paper and I did this for about an hour
[Music]
you
I left my friend's house at about 11:45
which is why I started work so late and
the first thing I did was finish my
chemistry paper which red start is the
day before
[Music]
you
next I did some more philosophy
annotations and I did this for about 50
minutes so from 130 to 220
[Music]
I got to say I feel like this was a very
bad be known to study with me but after
that it now jumps to you a lot later and
within that time I was tested on nature
of God and we went on a dog walk and I
also did some sorting of cupboards and
the loft with my sister and parents and
the last thing that I filmed was me
making this Quizlet for RS and I was
just putting in all of the key books and
dates for the philosophies that I knew
so thank you for watching and have a
productive week